for tomorrow's briefing.
Department heads,
prepare reports
All hands dismissed.
a successful mission.
I'd say that was
Five days in the Gamma Quadrant
and no sign of the Jem'Hadar.
during our maneuvers
Commander...
through that asteroid belt
on the Kar-telos system,
I noticed the Defiant
felt a little... sluggish
when turning hard aport.
The inertial
dampening generators
may need to be realigned.
I'll begin drawing up
a schedule immediately.
And while we're at it,
we should recalibrate
the targeting scanners
and check the EPS relays.
O'Brien's going to be
a little disappointed.
He thought he finally
had the ship running smoothly.
has done an excellent job.
Well, Chief O'Brien
This is a fine ship.
to keep her functioning
But it is my duty
at peek
proficiency.
Mister Worf... you're in love.
With the Defiant.
You exaggerate...
as usual.
( laughing )
I feel silly.
I like it.
It shows off
your legs.
There you see--
your public has spoken.
Have fun.
What do you call this holosuite
program of yours again?
The Battle of Clontarf--
you, me and a thousand
stalwart Irish warriors
against a ravening
hoard of Vikings.
It's like the
Battle of Britain,
only with swords.
How come you get
to be High King?
I am a direct descendant
of King Brian Boru.
Besides...
it's my program.
I suppose
that's only fair.
( sighing )
Oh...
( moaning )
I know exactly
how you feel.
The Bajoran Time
of Cleansing.
Can someone explain to me
why the Bajorans need
from worldly pleasures
for an entire month?
to abstain
they're a bunch of hedonistic,
I mean, it's not like
holosuite-obsessed drunkards
to begin with.
( moans )
No use moaning about it.
It hurts.
Who's that for?
Me.
It's one of Moogie's
home remedies.
Your ear?
Again?
That's disgusting.
You want to drive away
all the rest of my customers?
I feel dizzy.
What else is new?
Go wait on table seven.
Rom, you look terrible.
I think you
better lie down.
I don't pay you to think.
I pay you to spin
the dabo wheel.
But nobody's gambling.
So get spinning.
How can they when you're not
at the wheel?
I really don't feel good.
LEETA:
Can't you see he's sick?
( echoing ):
He needs to lie down.
Just because
you happen to be
intimately acquainted with
Dr. Bashir's bedside manner
doesn't make you
a medical expert.
Brother, am I still standing?
What I do during my time off
is no business of yours.
If you don't get back
to work this instant,
you're going to have
more time off
than you know what to do with.
The same goes for you.
Here.
Yes, Brother.
( thud )
Aren't you going
to do something?
I'm going to do something.
Of course,
I'm going to dock his pay.
Briok, clean up this mess.
Oh...
Oh, this is one
stubborn infection.
How long have you had it?
Uh, a couple of weeks.
You mean to tell me
you've been walking around
with a seeping infection
of the tympanic membrane
for two weeks?
More like three,
actually.
Rom! You could have died.
Another 48 hours
and you would have been
bidding for a new life
at the Divine Treasury.
I guess it's a good thing
I fainted when I did.
Why didn't you come
and see me sooner?
I couldn't. I was busy.
I'm sure your brother
could have spared you
for half an hour.
It would have been
a violation of my contract--
paragraph 76,
subsection three.
"Employees of Quark's Bar
and Holding Company
"are strictly prohibited from
leaving the work environment
"during business hours
unless ordered to do so
by their employer.
"Any failure to comply
with this provision
will result in severe fines
and possible dismissal."
It's a standard provision
in all Ferengi labor contracts.
You mean, you don't get time off
even if you're sick?
It's all part of our...
generous employee
compensation package.
"No sick days,
no vacations
no paid overtime."
It sounds to me like
you need a better contract.
There's no such thing.
All Ferengi labor
contracts are the same.
Well, that should do it.
But I want you to see me
first thing in the morning
for a follow-up.
before the bar opens.
It'll have to be
What you people
need is a union.
A what?
You know,
a trade guild,
a collective bargaining
association, a union--
something to keep you
from being exploited.
You don't understand.
Ferengi workers don't want
to stop the exploitation.
to become the exploiters.
We want to find a way
Suit yourself.
But I don't see you
exploiting anyone.
Rom... how'd it go?
Oh. Julian's
a wonderful doctor.
I'm okay.
Your brother should have
let you see him weeks ago.
It's not Quark's fault
that I got sick.
I forgot to get
my bimonthly ear scan.
And besides, I've
probably been getting
too much oo-mox.
Really?
Who's the lucky female?
No female. Just me.
I'm... sorry.
Sorry enough to do
something about it?
I... don't think
Julian would approve.
We could ask him.
All right, everyone...
gather around.
What now?
I have an announcement
to make.
I've just been going over
today's receipts,
and it's not good.
Cleansing Ritual has cleansed
The only thing this Bajoran
is my profit margin.
So, starting tomorrow,
gets cut by a third.
everyone's salary
No, no, that's not fair.
I'll talk to him.
( employees groaning )
or fire half the staff.
It's either that
Don't bother thanking me.
I can't afford a pay cut.
It's either
a pay cut or a layoff.
You decide.
All right, everyone,
let's get back to work.
I want this place
cleaned up
and the lights off
in ten minutes.
Brother...
this isn't right.
You can't just cut
people's salaries
without warning.
Actually, I can.
And I have.
Now, why don't
you concentrate
on keeping your hands
off your lobes
and leave the business
matters to me.
But once the Cleansing
Ritual is over,
you'll restore
everyone's salary, right?
That depends on next
quarter's fiscal summation.
Brother, I'm asking you...
as a personal favor
to reconsider this pay cut.
Anything for you.
Um...
There.
I've reconsidered it.
My decision stands.
But, Brother...
Don't "Brother" me.
you're not my brother.
In this bar,
You're my employee.
And employees have no right
to question
the management's
decisions.
I'm warning you.
If you don't rescind
the pay cuts...
you're going to regret it.
The only thing I regret
is not being an only child.
( gasps )
You know, I think I'm
finally getting the hang
of this mek'leth.
Don't you think?
It would seem so.
Then why haven't
you told me?
A Klingon warrior
does not need the
praise of his teacher.
I'm not a Klingon warrior.
I'm a beautiful
and sensitive young woman
who thrives on...
What is it?
Listen.
( faint thumping )
( yelps )
Do not move.
DAX:
Worf?
Isn't this your tooth sharpener?
( snarling )
( grunts )
This p'tak just
robbed my quarters.
Take him
to a holding cell.
I'll need a statement.
And you will have one.
But what I want to know is
how such a security breach
was allowed to occur
in the first place!
Unfortunately,
these things happen.
They did not happen
on the Enterprise.
Really?
Well, let me see.
"Stardate 46235.7.
"Ferengi privateers,
led by DaiMon Lurin,
"boarded and seized control
of the Enterprise
"using two salvaged
Klingon birds-of-prey.
"Stardate 45349.1.
Berlinghoff Rasmussen,
"a petty criminal
impersonating a scientist,
"committed numerous
acts of theft
against the crew
of the Enterprise."
Shall I continue?
That will not
be necessary.
I know these incidents
are the exception
rather than the rule,
but if security breaches
like these
could happen on the flagship
of the Federation,
imagine the difficulty
of maintaining security
at an open port such as DS9.
It is just that I find it...
I understand.
irritating.
So do I.
But I'm afraid you're just
going to have to get used to it.
Attention, please.
Thank you all
for coming.
I've always defended my brother
I know that in the past,
whenever he's taken a stance
that's proven unpopular
with the staff.
( all agreeing )
But I'm not going
to do that today.
You're not?
No. I'm not.
the Cleansing Ritual...
Quark's just using
to increase his profits
at our expense.
( all agreeing )
And we're not going to take it.
It isn't fair.
Since when?
Since... right now.
So what are we going
to do about it?
We're going to fight back
in the only way we can.
We're going to form a...
a...
A what?
We're going to form...
a union.
( crowd gasping )
You've just destroyed the lives
of every Ferengi in this room.
Are you insane?
finds out we've even
been talking of a...
When the FCA
a...
A union.
Don't say that word again.
We're in enough trouble
as it is.
The Ferengi Commerce Authority
doesn't have to hear about this.
If we all go
back to work now,
no one else has
to know this
ever happened.
It's too late for that.
No, no!
has ears everywhere.
The FCA
As soon as their lobes
get wind of this,
we're all doomed!
( employees muttering )
All right!
So we're doomed.
will probably haunt us
FCA liquidators
for the rest of our lives.
But I say if they're
going to come after us,
let's give them a good reason.
Ferengi and non-Ferengi alike--
Every one of you--
Quark treats us is unfair.
knows that the way
Frool, don't you
deserve a day off
when your back
starts acting up?
Well, uh...
I suppose.
And, Grimp...
to take a paid vacation?
wouldn't you like
Answer the question.
You're being ridiculous.
It's not going to happen!
It won't happen
unless you make it happen.
We're Ferengi!
sees an opportunity,
And when a Ferengi
what does he do?
He seizes it?
That's right!
intend to grab it.
And I, for one,
We've been exploited
long enough.
It's time to be strong.
Take control of our lives,
our dignity
and our profits!
( all agreeing )
Yes!
Strike a blow
against Quark.
Yes.
against the FCA.
Strike a blow
Yes!
against exploitation!
Strike a blow
( all shouting ):
Yes!
Are you with me?
ALL:
Yes!
Union!
( all chanting ):
Union! Union!
What you have there
is a sebaceous cyst.
I know it's a cyst,
but it's getting bigger.
There's nothing
to worry about.
Dermatologically speaking,
you're perfectly
healthy.
Oh, I'm perfectly healthy
except I've got
a disgusting cyst
on the back of my neck.
Now either I paint a nose,
eyes and mouth on it
and pretend
I've got two heads,
or you take it off.
Well, I'll get
you some paint.
Julian, get it off me!
All right, all right.
Two heads are better than one.
But you know what they say:
Julian, I'm waiting.
Dr. Bashir,
I'm glad you're in.
I need your help.
Is that ear
acting up again?
My ear's fine.
I need some
advice about...
Unions.
unions.
I should form a union, so I did.
You said the other day
Rom, I was speaking
theoretically.
And I've put your theory
into practice.
All of Quark's employees
have joined.
We're going to force Quark
to treat us better...
I hope.
A union, huh?
Good for you.
You know about unions?
Who do you think led
the Pennsylvania coal miners
during the anthracite
strike of 1902?
I have no idea.
Sean Aloysius O'Brien.
I didn't know that.
There's a lot of things
about my family you don't know.
11 months those mines
were closed, and they
didn't open again
until all the miners'
demands were met.
You mean, we should force
Quark to close the bar.
Only as a last resort.
If he's reasonable
about your requests,
there's no
need to strike.
Quark reasonable?
Ha! Unlikely.
You'll have to strike--
mark my words--
and when you do,
you'll have to be strong.
Exactly.
Just like Sean O'Brien.
the biggest funeral
You know, he had
in all of western Pennsylvania.
Funeral?
Hmm. They fished his body
out of the Allegheny River
a week before the strike ended.
32 bullets he had in him.
Or was it 34?
Well, he died a hero.
He was more than a hero.
He was a union man.
I see the problem now.
You've got a bad ODN relay here.
We'll have to replace
the whole unit.
How long will it take?
Two to three hours.
But after that, it'll
work like a charm.
Until the next time
it breaks down.
Well, that's the problem
when you combine
and Federation technology.
Cardassian, Bajoran
None of it was meant
to work together.
working in this environment?
How do you tolerate
Well, it's a lot easier
than working on
the Enterprise.
Easier? The Enterprise
of problems.
never had these kind
Tell me about it.
Have you any idea
how bored I used to get
sitting in the transporter room,
waiting for something
to break down?
Here, I've half a dozen
new problems every day.
This station needs me.
Oh, do me a favor.
Hand me down the coil spanner?
Happy cleansing.
If this is
a surprise birthday party,
you're a month late.
We're the Guild of Restaurant
and Casino Employees,
It's not a party.
to present our demands.
and we're here
The Guild of Restaurant
and Casino Employees?
What's that supposed to be?
What does it sound like?
It sounds like...
like a union.
Exactly.
our demands seriously.
So you'd better take
"Increased pay...
"Shorter hours...
Paid sick leave..."
( laughing ):
( guffawing )
This is no joke.
Yes, it is.
And the fact that you
don't know that it is,
is what makes it so funny.
before I fire the lot of you.
Now get back to work
You can't fire us.
Why not?
Because as of right now...
we're all on strike.
Yeah!
ALL:
( laughing )
ROM:
Thank you for not
patronizing Quark's.
Thanks very much.
Thank you for not
patronizing Quark's.
Thank you for not patronizing
Quark's.
Thank you for not
patronizing Quark's.
I hope Rom's
voice holds out.
I hope our latinum holds out.
Ahh...
You wanted
to see me?
May I take your order, sir?
Quark, I'm in
no mood for games.
There seems to be an opening
at the dabo table,
or perhaps
I might interest you
in some time
in the holosuites.
( glasses shatter )
Not again.
Are you carrying a
tricorder or anything
with a portable
energy source?
What are you
talking about?
I'm still working
out the bugs
in these holographic
waiters.
The Lissepian who
sold me the program
neglected to mention
that certain energy sources
can interfere with
the imaging system.
Sounds like there's no end
to the problems you're facing.
I can take care
of the Lissepian.
I need you
to get those...
traitors away
from my front door.
They're blocking access
to my place of business,
causing a disturbance
on the Promenade,
and they're probably
a fire hazard.
They belong
in a holding cell!
Every last one of them.
Well, I hate to admit this,
but I agree with you.
From what Chief O'Brien
tells me about strikes,
they sound like trouble.
I don't like mobs.
In my opinion, if you need one
it's not worth getting.
to get what you want,
Then you'll haul them away.
Good.
I'll do nothing of the sort.
But you said...
I know what I said
but I have strict orders
from Captain Sisko not to...
freedom of expression.
impinge on your employees'
As long as they stay peaceful
and allow your customers access
through the second-level
entrance,
I'm not allowed
to interfere.
In that case,
would you mind
serving some drinks?
Huh!
I didn't think so.
( loud crash )
( sighs )
What about
the Vulcan?
With their sense of ethics,
definitely on the side
of labor.
Pass.
I say this one's
an "enter."
Lucky guess.
O'BRIEN:
Pass.
He barely set foot in there
when there wasn't a strike.
Mmm. Quark isn't exactly
his favorite person.
BASHIR:
Wait a minute.
I can't believe it.
He's an "enter."
Not for long.
Where are you going?
To talk some sense into him.
Commander! Hold on!
I cannot believe
what I'm seeing.
Sir. If I
could explain...
I'm ready for an explanation?
Mr. Worf, do I look like
Three of my senior staff,
brawling on the Promenade.
With all due respect, sir,
we, we weren't brawling.
Maybe you should take
a closer look
at Dr. Bashir's forehead.
Well, he shouldn't
have got in the way.
I was trying... I was trying
to stop the fight.
We were not fighting.
Then what were you doing?
Well, we...
Having a difference
of opinion.
Yeah, I suppose...
towards the end there,
we might have...
done a bit
of shoving.
According to Odo,
Dr. Bashir was shoved
over a table.
Now, that
was an accident.
got a little out of hand.
It was just that things
a little out of hand.
Things got more than
I suppose I'm going to have
to talk to Quark myself.
to settle this strike,
Find a way
to normal around here.
get things back
Uh, Captain?
Can we
leave now?
I'll tell Constable Odo
to let you go...
in the morning.
Well, I hope you're proud
of yourselves.
Captain, believe me--
I want this strike settled
as much as you do.
Then settle it.
It's not that simple.
Make it simple.
Sit down with your brother
an agreement today.
and hammer out
Captain, I'm afraid
you don't understand
what a delicate
situation this is.
Even talking with strikers
would be a violation
of the most sacred precepts
of Ferengi culture.
Maybe I don't know much
about Ferengi culture,
but I do know who holds
the lease on your bar.
The Federation.
for better landlords.
And I couldn't ask
That's because
we don't ask you
to pay your rent
for your maintenance repairs
or to reimburse us
on the station's power supply.
or the drain
You're a very generous people.
Until today.
Let's see.
Five years
of back rent,
plus power consumption,
plus repairs...
Do you know how
much latinum that is?
A lot.
That's right.
I'll talk to my brother.
I'm glad we're
in agreement.
Labor... Labor...
Where's wages?
Wages are here.
Oh, wages...
( door chimes )
Come in.
What do you want?
Here.
What's this?
It's the amount of latinum
I'm willing to transfer
into your private account
if you'll just
end this strike.
Are we talking about
slips, strips or bars?
Slips.
( exhales sharply )
All right, strips.
It wouldn't matter
if it were bars.
I'm not going to end the strike
unless you meet our demands.
Rom, we shouldn't be fighting--
we're brothers.
Not when it comes to business.
but employer and employee.
We're nothing
You've said so yourself.
I was wrong.
No.
You weren't.
Rom, can't we talk about this?
There's only one thing
I have to say to you.
"Workers of
the world unite.
You have nothing to lose
but your chains."
What's happened to you?
Ah.
It's about time
you got back.
Brunt.
That's Liquidator
Brunt to you.
I see you
remember me.
Who could forget?
What do you want?
Quark, don't worry.
I'm here to help.
The Ferengi Commerce Authority
has ordered me to end
this nasty little
labor dispute of yours.
How do you propose to do that?
By any means necessary.
I hear Quark had only
14 customers all day.
And he'll have
even less tomorrow.
I've been talking
with people all over
the station,
and support for our
cause is growing.
Quark will have
to settle--
either that or go
out of business.
( laughter )
GRIMP:
I don't know.
Quark can be
awful stubborn.
I think he'd rather lose
the bar than give in to us.
Don't be such a pessimist.
Remember Rule
of Acquisition 263:
"Never allow doubt to tarnish
your lust for latinum."
Your brother can quote
Rules of Acquisition, too.
I believe his
favorite is 211:
"Employees are the rungs
on the ladder of success.
Don't hesitate
to step on them."
My ex-brother
wasn't quoting the
Rules of Acquisition
when he came to
see me yesterday.
Hmm. What did he say?
He offered me a bribe
if I would end
the strike.
No, I didn't take it!
Did you take it?
Don't you see what that means?
He's getting desperate.
A few more days and we'll get
everything we want.
( electrical humming )
Brunt.
FCA.
It's not my fault!
They made me do it!
It was all his idea!
Forgive me!
If this were Ferenginar...
I'd have you all taken
of the Tower of Commerce,
to the spire
displayed
to the crowds
in the Great
Marketplace below,
and then shoved off...
one by one!
Small children would bet
on where you would land,
and your spattered remains
would be sold
for gree worms.
as feed mulch
Spare me. I'm old.
I'm fragile.
( coughs )
I'll push the rest
of them off myself.
I thought you said you
weren't afraid of the FCA.
I lied.
Don't let him intimidate you.
We're not on Ferenginar.
Lucky for you.
But the FCA understands
on this station has...
that living
c-corrupted you.
by unwholesome Bajoran ideals,
You've been tempted
exposed to the
twisted values
of the Federation,
and because of that,
we are willing to forgive.
Really?
But don't
confuse our mercy
with weakness.
your jobs tomorrow morning,
If you are not back at
your financial accounts
on Ferenginar
your families will be fined
will be confiscated,
and your trading
permits revoked.
You'll be ruined...
reduced to utter
destitution.
Am I...
understood?
Good.
I thought so.
Don't bother getting up.
Would you get up?
Come on.
Let him stay there.
That's where
he belongs.
Where do we belong?
The question is:
On our knees... like Frool?
like Sean O'Brien?
Or standing tall
He was a union man--
Who's Sean O'Brien?
a man who gave his life
to earn a decent wage
for his fellow workers.
Brunt wouldn't have
intimidated him,
and he won't intimidate me.
What about our accounts
on Ferenginar?
If your accounts on Ferenginar
were worth anything,
you wouldn't be working
as a waiter.
nothing has changed.
I'm telling you--
Victory is within our grasp.
All we have to do is take it.
( mutters of agreement )
Now, are you with me?
Yes!
I said are
you with me?
ALL:
Yes!
Then let's get back
on that picket line
and show Quark
what we're made of.
( all cheering )
Can I get up now?
Look sharp now.
No slouching.
Remember...
in unity,
there is strength.
So be strong.
Chief, may I
speak with you?
Sure.
What's on your mind?
I feel I owe
you an apology.
I allowed our
argument in Quark's
to get out of hand.
I think there was plenty
of blame to spread around.
Nonetheless, we are
Starfleet officers,
and Starfleet officers do
not brawl with each other.
It wasn't much
of a brawl, really.
I grabbed you,
you shoved me,
and Julian was tossed
over a table.
Well, it never
should have happened,
and under normal
circumstances
it never would have,
but there's something
about this station
I find... unsettling.
You'll get used to it.
Perhaps.
But in the meantime, I think
I've found a solution.
I'm going to move my
quarters to the Defiant.
You're going to live
on the Defiant?
I've already discussed it
with Captain Sisko.
And he said yes?
As long as it doesn't
interfere with my duties.
But... you'll be living
out there all by yourself.
I know.
That was pretty impressive--
standing up to Brunt
the way you did.
Who'd have thought
I had such natural
leadership skills?
Oh, I knew it all along.
Really?
No.
I didn't think so.
Well, you surprised
a lot of people,
including me.
I've got to get ready.
I'm having dinner
with Julian.
He's a lucky man.
And almost as
brave as you are.
Psst. Rom.
She kissed me.
There's no accounting
for taste.
Rom, we have to talk.
Are you ready to give
in to our demands?
Of course not.
Then there's nothing
to talk about.
There's plenty
The FCA's
involved now.
And those Nausicaans
working for Brunt
aren't just for show.
I'm not going to let
Brunt intimidate me.
Don't you see, Rom?
You should be
intimidated.
There's no telling
what Brunt might do,
and I don't want
you to get hurt.
You never cared what
happened to me before.
I always cared
about you.
I tried to protect you.
Save you from yourself.
How? By telling me I was
an idiot my whole life?
I had to be tough on you.
I was trying to make
you a better Ferengi.
What you were trying to do
was make yourself
feel important.
Making me feel dumb
made you feel smart.
But I'm not dumb,
and you're not half as smart
as you think you are.
Rom, you have
to listen to me.
The FCA doesn't have
to answer to anyone.
And if Brunt decides
to get rid of you,
I won't be able
to stop him.
Look at it this way.
If Brunt gets rid of me,
then all your problems
are solved.
You always said you wanted
to be an only child.
Doesn't that hurt?
I'm sure it does.
Most Nausicaan games do.
Speaking of pain...
did you talk
to your brother?
And?
We talked.
I need more time.
is a highly limited commodity.
Time, like latinum,
Look, you're here
to help me, right?
Wrong. I'm here
to enforce Ferengi law
and to protect
Ferengi tradition,
and that means putting
an end to this strike.
Now, I can see that we are
going to have to make...
an example of someone.
What kind of example?
Oh, I'm sure that we'll
come up with something
people's attention.
that will get
I, uh,... don't want
my brother hurt.
Oh, I wasn't
thinking of him.
Attack the leader
of a movement, you risk
creating a martyr.
No, Rom must not be touched.
Our target must be someone...
unexpected.
Someone he cares about...
like that dabo girl.
Leeta.
I know.
But she's not even Ferengi.
That's what makes it
so memorable.
But she has such...
delicate lobes.
I'm afraid I couldn't bring
myself to give the order.
No, let's see.
Who else...
does Rom care about?
Boys?
Me?
But I'm on your side.
Ironic...
isn't it?
I thought I wasn't allowed
to have any visitors.
Dr. Bashir
made an exception.
He said you were
almost killed.
It's nothing to smile about.
Those Nausicaans shattered
my left eye socket,
broke two of my
ascending ribs
and punctured my lower lung.
If Odo hadn't come
along when he did...
Does it hurt?
Of course it hurts.
Too bad.
If you're going to
stand there and gloat,
you can leave right now.
I'm not done gloating.
Don't you get it?
This was a message for you.
Well, it's not going to work.
( gasping )
had known that.
I wish Brunt
Odo has him and the Nausicaans
in a holding cell.
He says it's
an open-and-shut case.
It's an open-and-shut
case, all right,
but I'm not going
to press charges.
You're not?
Of course not.
I'm in enough trouble
with the FCA as it is.
But then Odo will
have to let them go.
Either way, the FCA
will just send
another Liquidator,
and that one
will make
an example of you.
Then you'll be
the one gloating.
I don't want to gloat.
I want to end the strike.
So, give us what we want.
Rom, I can't!
I'm not going against 10,000
years of Ferengi tradition.
You're just afraid
of the FCA.
Of course, I'm afraid
They crushed my eye socket.
you'd be afraid of them, too.
And if you had any sense,
doesn't get settled soon,
If this strike
to find ourselves
we're both going
of the nearest airlock.
tossed out
dissolve the union.
You have to
( exhales sharply )
At least officially.
What do you mean?
I mean...
I mean, you
dissolve the union--
make it look like I've won--
everything you want.
and I'll give you
You'll meet our demands?
That's what I just said,
you idiot.
Even sick leave?
Even sick leave.
And six months
from now,
watching my books so closely,
when the FCA isn't
you'll get your raises.
Six months!
It's the best I can do!
No, it's not.
All you have to do
is make up
one of your fake
business ledgers for the FCA.
They'll never
know the difference.
Shh!
All right.
You'll get your raises
by the end of the week,
but the union dies here...
today...
and that's my final offer.
Better?
Much.
I thought about
getting you a plant,
but somehow
it didn't seem right.
A wise decision.
So I brought you
this instead.
It's a collection of
my favorite Klingon operas.
Think about it.
You can lie in bed
and pipe them through
the Defiant's com system
as loud as you like.
and play them
A thoughtful gift.
You know, Worf,
living on the Defiant
in the end,
isn't going to change anything.
You're still going
to have to get used
to life on the station.
I am not sure I agree.
you're going to have to adapt.
Sooner or later,
Perhaps in the end,
it'll be all of you
that have to adapt to me.
Come in! Come in!
Welcome back.
Why don't you
try your luck
at the dabo wheel?
Remember,
every Bajoran gets
one free spin.
You're in a good mood.
I just got a raise.
Major!
I must say
you are looking
particularly
cleansed today.
Just get me two
mugs of synthale,
a double order
of hasperat, and, uh...
hold the conversation?
No wonder I missed you.
Ah! Rom,
there you are.
Why aren't you in
your waiter's uniform?
snail juice, please,
I'll have a large
straight up.
You know there's no
drinking on the job.
That's no way to talk
to a customer.
You're not a customer,
you're an employee.
Not anymore.
I've wiped my last table
and mixed my last Black Hole.
I'm one of the station's
Starting today,
technicians, junior grade...
diagnostic and repair
night shift.
You're quitting?
Effective immediately.
everything you wanted.
I gave you
I know, but if the strike
taught me anything,
it's that I do a lot better
when you're not around.
Don't worry.
I'll keep your
holosuites running
and fix your replicators
when they're broken.
I think this'll be really
good for our relationship.
I don't.
Think about it from
my point of view.
all I have to look forward to
If I keep working for you,
is waiting for you to die
so I can inherit the bar.
Well, I don't want you to die.
And besides, I deserve
to have a life of my own now.
looking after you...
But without me
I'll do fine.
I suppose you will.
No, you won't.
I'll miss you.
I'll be here all the time,
only I'll be a paying customer.
Now, get me my snail juice...
Brother.
Coming up.
( sighs )